ch2                     CHHStructure                            VibrationalStructure
c/ch3                    GeneralPrimaryCH3C                      VibrationalStructure
c(.)/ch3                 GeneralPrimaryCH3C.                     VibrationalStructure
c/ch2/c                 GeneralSecondaryCH2C2                   VibrationalStructure
c/ch2/c(.)              GeneralSecondaryCH2CC.                  VibrationalStructure
c/chc/c                 GeneralTertiaryCHC3                     VibrationalStructure
c/chc/c(.)              GeneralTertiaryCHC2C.                   VibrationalStructure
c(.)h2                  C.HHStructure                           VibrationalStructure
c/c(.)h                 CC.HStructure                           VibrationalStructure 
c(.)/ch                 C.CHStructure                           VibrationalStructure 
C(.)R3                  GeneralCarbonRadical                    SymmetryElement
cho                     GeneralH-C-OGroup                       VibrationalStructure
c(.)ho                  GeneralH-C.-OGroup                      VibrationalStructure
c(.)h//c                GeneralHC.=CGroup                       VibrationalStructure
c/c(.)//c               GeneralCC.=CGroup                       VibrationalStructure
c(.)//ch                C.=CHStructure                          VibrationalStructure
c//ch                   C=CHStructure                           VibrationalStructure
c(oh)h2/c               GeneralPrimaryAlcohol                   VibrationalStructure
c(oh)hc/c               GeneralSecondaryAlcohol                 VibrationalStructure
c(oh)h(.)/c             RadicalPrimaryAlcohol                   VibrationalStructure
c(oh)(.)c/c             RadicalSecondaryAlcohol                 VibrationalStructure
oh/c(.)                 AlcoholOnCarbonRadical                  VibrationalStructure
c(.)//o                 CarbonylRadical                         VibrationalStructure
c/c(.)//o               CarbonylRadicalOnCarbon                 VibrationalStructure
c/c(.)h/o/c             PrimaryCarbonEtherRadical               VibrationalStructure
c/c(.)c/o/c             SecondaryCarbonEtherRadical             VibrationalStructure
cR2//c/c(.)R2           GeneralResonantCarbon                   SymmetryElement
